Introduce Cookbook (#424)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/cookbook/unregister-peers.md

---
title: "Unregister Peers | Cookbook"
head:
  - - meta
    - name: description

>       content: "Learn how to unregister a peer in Iroha."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      content: "Learn how to unregister peers in Iroha."
```
